10/12/20, 7:50 PM.
Goals:
1. Comment out selection options. - done!
2. Research ways to access zmanim api (e.g. proxy) - done!
    -Everything seems pretty much blocked on google.
    -So I sent instructor an email.

10/13/20
Goals:
1. Select which zmanim to display on the page - done!
    I also ensured that we get the basic data, and that it gets the current date
2. Display them - done!

7:42 PM
Goals:
1. Re-enable the form allowing input for city, zip code, or lat long - done!
2. In the event of a lat long selection, change the form to contain two inputs
    for lat and long, respectively - done!

7:58 PM
Goals:
1. Hide the lat long inputs by default. Show them only when lat long is selected - done!
2. Stack the inputs so they are each on a separate line

10/14/20
Goals:
1. Re-position zmanim info to be directly under weather info - done!
2. Position form in the middle of the page - done!
3. Make a larger header for the left column with words "INFO FOR YOUR LOCATION" - done!

Also:
Did lots more CSS to fix the page - rgba background, font sizes, new bg image, formatting the form

10:59 PM
Goals:
1. Refactor code so it's applicable to weather and zmanim - done!
2. Spend time organizing Javascript - done!
    put in some comments. could be would be helpful to organize appendData more, but whatever for now
    Also, I'm not sure how clear I am on how returning a fetch works

11:16 PM
Goal:
Spend time figuring out the CSS for the area under the form, i.e. how to add more content underneath
    lots of frustration. CSS grid is not so poshut. maybe figure out how min-content and max-content
    work, or consider another plan for the desired format (like have a separate container)

Note: something's up with the form at the moment. would be nice to try to figure it out
    - solved! the issue was the 'required' attribute on the lat long fields. they should only be required
    when they are showing. this is a conditional statement that must be made in Javascript, not HTML.